you know i have a playstation 4 in
I would like to give you free to play games
show a bit more and me now
could my first experiences in the
gather last week and who would like
I tell you in this video
moin moin my name is called acer and
I welcome you to
a little information video all around
that meant project konsolen free to
play you can find a little something
different see once dc
I got down to universe online
loaded and a little bit on
played on the playstation 4
the same with ward frame in
this video would like to say you okay what
I already have some experience with it
the playstation made with sony
yourself and in the free to play model
and also what's coming in the near future
I have the plans with these games what
content a little bit different than
basically only on the computer
I was able to play two games once
download that was a cramp
why i made a psn of course
make store account and there I have
already know largest problem country for me
I'm not German, I mean
no german identity card no
german passport for the reason i can in
psn-store do not buy anything I have to
always buy psn store and then this
somehow my credit recharge since me
at the psn store can not prove
We are so big problem over 18
because some free to play games due
age restriction not as free to
play games may be offered at
sony but actually cost something
that is at wolfram so it costs 50
cent
Blackwater showers are also similar to costumes
on 50 cent dc universe online has just
No age restrictions because of this
so download it free-to-play that
There are many free to play games
which costs just 50 cents
what it pays or what it does
costs then as in game currency that was
was among the first hurdle I had the same
also a playstation store or at the
psn plus membership for these too
I had to buy extra because I did not
could prove that I was 18 years old
but now one for twelve months
completed
that means one of the first projects
I actually always have it for you
the current games of psn stores ps
plus 8 life I mean
sps plus with ps plus membership
as this game imagine because
You 've always had six games like that
the free for a month and the
next games coming out on 8 April
that means I will be towards the end of the week
you probably all players once
So why show an overview ?
membership costs, i think
now just under 60 euros for twelve months
I do not find that much six
Games is a cool thing
but you can also have a month like that
memberships or that is
maybe it's one or the other game
here where he says that I wanted to have
but I always wanted to play that
not buy and therefore worth it
maybe for you then for 1 or 2
months this membership
You can complete it on a monthly basis
cancel and so on and so forth
it I thought to myself that I will show you
because it's free somewhere
games are just that to the
membership is there for me if
Do not be mad you need this too
membership to actually online
to be able to play against others that was
part of the xbox in any case duty and
I think the playstation is at
most games of duty and there
it could be for one or the other
actually worthwhile
I'll just continue now yes
At first the players give me a little bit
to look more closely because maybe small
to make reviews but not how much
long as five to six minutes then
also whenever something new comes out and
I also have gta online what I have
just doing some active games
a lot of fun and in this
context once respectful to all
who can handle the controller
I realized then I'm not anymore
in there fighting went twice great though
everything you need to be where you need to be is me
completely out so I have really long
used to reasonably baked
and I realize I miss
my mouse and a keyboard
I just got used to it very much
which I have also asked
actually mortal kombat ickx and that
I probably will not
can show neither in the stream nor on
youtube
because the game is here in Germany
become infected before release because
I'm pretty sure because it just
is too brutal for the German laws
I also order them from Austria
So in germany get the faith
I do not buy at all
and yes , I would definitely be there
inquire what I can do with it
game
I'm really looking forward to it and me
I would like to know a bit about it
show because it's also a very cool one
Game what I so far
I actually saw that
song how is the right situation again
is you have noticed with the
larger youtube there were problems with
your light was indexed the likely
it does not show me time anymore
or anyone else
written that they leave that
and yes I'm not 100
percent in info yes that has always been
give a brief overview of what
she is currently so busy for the
play offs flawlessly sees tungsten
great on the playstation 4
works great too, so it works
is there were only made for
and dc universe is online
but still there is fun so I
find that it is also in the game what you are
actually also playstation times
It can cost nothing you can watch
Do a lot and you are welcome
in the comments write which
games should I introduce you where you
Hey , I've been thinking about that
Maybe I download that
It is not exactly small in part
and you do not have unlimited numbers
disk space on the playstation
then just write in the comments
I'll see what I actually do
can make
I also have hot dogs and
mode shadow I have somehow in the
offer at media market for 49 euros
just bought a pc game something
such a three-pack goes online
I will definitely do it now
I'll see a workmate there
borrow platform becomes one
Colleague from linen walls with it
through is
I'll be able to look at it in 1886, too
so something on the playstation which I like
can still look
but I'm very curious what you are
want to see it and fit me so
diligently write and pack comments
I also have a link to the video i.com
I bought all the things there
is called the psm the psn credit a ps
plus membership if you like about it
buy war against war one more
small percentage approach though
your better service prefers to buy there
and does not come over the turks it was
Just leave it to all of you
So people I hope we'll see you then
in my next video and until then
I'm out once